Speaker 1: I do have my yearly appraisal cycle coming up today.
Speaker 2: Therefore I do have a conversation with our CEO in order to discuss where I'm heading in the next six to 12 months plus how my role is going to develop. I ideally want to prepare for this call with you and I want you to spar on me and how I should ideally strategize the session in order.
Speaker 1: To get what I want.
Speaker 2: I'm currently the first commercial employee here.
Speaker 1: I've been with the company for one and a half years and mainly 90%.
Speaker 2: Of the revenue is built on my shoulders. I subjectively have the opinion that I'm.
Speaker 1: Actually the only one that's doing a heavy lifting and the rest of the.
Speaker 2: Team struggling to find actual traction on.
Speaker 1: What it is that we're selling and actually also selling it. Now what we've discussed in the past is that I will more and more focus on the the North American expansion which I more or less have been doing the last couple of months.
Speaker 2: But we always struggle to really move me over there due to issues in Europe.
Speaker 1: We are Germany based. We recently had a hire which were supposed to take over the operations and.
Speaker 2: Now due to him breaking away, we are basically where our CEO is pushing me always back towards Europe, which I don't want now.
Speaker 1: I want you to help me iterate.
Speaker 2: New alleys on rural development for the next six to 12 months.
Speaker 1: Ideas that I'm having is double down.
Speaker 2: On the North American expansion which is actually something that excites me and what I want to do.
Speaker 1: The other idea would be to start becoming maybe ahead of sales kind of Persona which I not necessarily enjoy and.
Speaker 2: Would like to do, but I think.
Speaker 1: It'S actually something that somebody has to do in order to step up for the company and this is something that's needed for the company. Question is just if I am this person to steps up makes sense logically because I'm the only one who actually knows stuff and I'm here the longest and I can actually have the authority.
Speaker 2: To share my learnings with others.
Speaker 1: On the other hand side, our CEO has been pushing another key individual to do to be this role. But this person is failing at it because the CEO is not enabling that.
Speaker 2: Person 100% with the right authority and.
Speaker 1: Always jumps back in and this is.
Speaker 2: Some kind of a dilemma. So this is the situation I am in.
Speaker 1: Please iterate and spar with me on this.well