Speaker 1: Yo, sorry for the delay. I was in a very shitty call with this with one of our clients who doesn't want to pay the invoice.
Speaker 2: Really?
Speaker 1: That's annoying.
Speaker 2: Who's the client?
Speaker 1: Fryza. This is one of our first customers that we ever closed.
Speaker 2: It's.
Speaker 1: We're talking about 5K, bro. They don't want to. They want to pay. Don't want to pay. One position of the invoice, which is 5k because they claim that we haven't finished the project because our agent is not reaching 100 accuracy in all of the cases. So I just had a call with. No, it's. Nobody gives you 100%, not even AWS gives you 100%. So uptime in that case. So I just had a call with Dorian, Jonas and them to explain that this is something that is never going to happen. And now we need to. It's basically just Germans. It's fucking annoying. And this is one of the annoying conversations. Sorry. Okay, I'm calling you A, just to call you. And B, I just wanted to let you know I also talk with you about. I have that call with Jonas today, this annual review thing. And A, just want to pick your brain where you are internally. How do you see the structure? How do you see yourself? I mean, you once said that we will discuss these things. I'm basically not sure what I want to discuss with Jonas. I just wanted to pick your brain, to be honest.
Speaker 2: What do you mean?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm basically just aligning paths forward. I mean, I. I am obviously I'm going to raise concerns to him of a. That I see that basically, currently we're solely dependent on key comparative contributor. This is a risk and we. This won't scale. And if we want to scale, we need to make what I am for some reason capable of doing into a system or a structure to enable the others to do the same thing. And now I basically want to talk to them about it. How does he envision this? Basically? And this also falls into the bucket of what our discussion yesterday. If he's not able to appoint a real head of sales kind of person that does this, it's not going to work. So I basically want to share with him this risk and observation that I see. I want to talk with him about it, how we are going to solve this. And obviously, because this is a discussion that's also going to affect you, I wanted to align perspectives and also pick your brain on what you think. So I don't do anything that shoots your leg.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Now maybe you can also share where you are with this with him. Sorry, didn't meant to interrupt.
Speaker 2: No, no problem, no problem. So I haven't spoken with him this week. I said can we catch up? He's like what about? I'm like this and this. But like let's catch up on a one to one. The what I so where we're at right now, obviously yes we need more people operating like you. This comes with people closing deals, small deals, shitty deals and then getting on the bigger deals and doing stuff like that and getting a momentum and having a pipeline there. You obviously have a very good pipeline that comes with obviously being around the longest as well as obviously you know still finessing those deals across which you're doing at a very very very good close right now. So not taking anything away from you there but like where we need to get the sorry guys doing building work. It sounds like my apartment is coming down.
Speaker 1: Don't worry.
Speaker 2: Where we need to get to is yes we need to have everyone else for on all cylinders. The reality is what what we need to get to is maybe what we do is we have you across deals at certain stages in the pipeline right now. Right. I'd actually be fine with that. I think. Why don't we do that. Right. Because a lot of it it a lot of the time with people's first time getting at a certain stage and they around with it and it's kind of like. And actually like we need to start building what is a standard of quality going out post demo. Right. And maybe that's what we do. We spend having your time across each of these different deals being like this is what we should be doing here, this is what we should be doing here. This is what we need to send out here. I think I'll be good use of your time as well as like obviously just bringing some of the stuff through. So maybe that's something you can float to them when it comes to the actual kind of like from the team.
Speaker 1: May I ask a question to what you said? Sorry. Because else I will forget.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So what you're proposing is basically having me in later stage calls present to basically be there share my expertise in the in calls but also after calls steering the way of working until people are fully capable to do it themselves.
Speaker 2: I think that's where we could use the experience you've had over the last few like year but. Well why don't we do that?
Speaker 1: It's an idea which I understand and I also see. Okay now I just wanted to understand it or to ask if I understood it.
Speaker 2: It's basic because like a lot of the time you'll be like, well, we can just go straight for this. Sometimes it might not be any value at all, but there's a second person on the call and we want to move towards this, you know, kind of this, this bodying up system just to kind of raise the, raise the level and stop people from being a little isolated or out of the loop where there's two, two different things here like we're talking about. I don't see how this ties into necessarily like where we need more structure in terms of the team. And honestly I'd rather I just have that conversation with Jonas anyway because candidly, he hasn't set this team up in a way that want like is something to be fun to manage. You'll have to manage. Kareem and Mo and their, their investors are kind of set aside from the team. It's an odd dynamic.
Speaker 1: Which you can change by the way. One can decide to change that. Yeah, but he struggles to take that decision.
Speaker 2: I think he does. Yeah. Which is not good. Or it's just like he just says, well, this is the way it is, this is the way it is. And then it's like if that's the way it is and that's the way it is, like now they're on the payroll, they're equal part of the team.
Speaker 1: I see.
Speaker 2: But look, I think there's two different things. I agree. We need to get more people operating like you. How do we go about doing that? Right. That, that's one idea I just gave there. But there's other ideas we can explore.
Speaker 1: Yeah. This is the conversation I need to have with him. And then on the other side, I obviously have my own kind of role development. Where do I see myself going and what do I want to do the next couple of months? This is also part of the equation now. I, I, I don't know is the honest answer. I, I don't know. I have an idea what I want to do. You know what I want to do, but I don't, I don't see myself in that rosy world without having structures, systems and knowledge transfer in place.
Speaker 2: Yeah. And we don't have, I think, yeah, I think Jonas is the message you sent earlier this week. And I've been looping with rabbi around the KPIs of the team. I needed like deliver those that is, that is going to help kind of bring this to a more like, hey, we're all accountable for this. Why the is this behind but like it's the accountability aspect is what we need to drill in here and that only comes with a bit more structure to. To the team and responsibility.
Speaker 1: It could also be a decision that Jonas officially appoints somebody, either an external person or he officially appoints you towards what you. What he's trying to push you. Or we can also come up with a third idea of I don't know, opposing Kareem just saying something or myself and I. I don't want to do it by the way. Just saying. And not necessarily in this setting want to be the position Also we shouldn't.
Speaker 2: Touch you from being where you are because you're in the zone.
Speaker 1: I think so.
Speaker 2: And there's not all the other stuff is not good. Yeah. So yeah, I mean look, he's got. He's got to make a call basically because the only accountability the team has is like a brief interaction with the onus each week or how's it going? Like there's nothing. Everyone's operating in a way that they feel they should be operating but actually there's no. I don't need it.
Speaker 1: See.
Speaker 2: Guess it's got me. But you know, like. Yeah, yeah, I know, I know. I know why you called me because. Yeah, I mean.
Speaker 1: What do you want to do?
Speaker 2: Like you need someone just. You need someone just to focus on running this team and getting it sorted because like there's so much stuff that needs to be fixed and so much stuff that needs to go but like it's never going to get done unless someone's actually just. That's their soul responsible and get their heads down with it. Now I can do it, but it's just get. It's just like being spread across, you know, individual contribution as well as other stuff just is. It's not, you know, it's not the most conducive way of working but whatever.
Speaker 1: On the other hand side. Is it what you want to do? Like what. What is it that you want to do?
Speaker 2: With the right support. Yeah, but like without the right support. Fuck it. No, like I don't. I like without the backing or the support. I do not. What the am I even doing right now? Like it's. It's. It's thankless and it's crap. So it's like so like without the right system and support and backing from. Be honest. No, I do not want to do it. If I have the right system, support and backing from your then yes, absolutely. But without that. Not a chance.
Speaker 1: I agree.
Speaker 2: Yeah, because it's crap. Like just People, you just. All you do is get problems and then. And then, you know, you've got to try and fix those problems. And then you look like a twat for not being able to fix those problems because of other things going on and whatnot. And then you've got split focus and then you're like, right, okay, great. And then you're having to try and motivate a team. That is just like, why the. Do I need to do anything for you?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is exactly what's happening right now.
Speaker 2: Yeah. And like, it does not feel good.
Speaker 1: I agree. And this is why we need to act. Or I not.
Speaker 2: I agree.
Speaker 1: I see that. So this is why we need to act. And this is what I want to mention with them today. Now, do I have. Do I have a solution? No, I don't have a solution. Which is not necessarily a good thing because usually if you mention city situations, you come up with a proposal. And this is, this is basically what I. What I'm would want to talk to you about. What, what, what would. What would be a proposal that you would feel comfortable with or scenario or scenarios that you see.
Speaker 2: Jonas just got to make a call of whether he wants me to do it or not. And if he wants me to do it, then let, like, give me the full back and then let me do it and set me up for success and focus on that. If not, then, then bring someone in, whatever. Like, do that because, like, it's right now.
Speaker 1: Okay, then if you decide, if you. Let's say. Let's say we are now in the. The scenario, B, it's not happening and we decide, okay, then you don't want to do it. And now somebody needs to be brought in until we have found this person and it's up to speed, somewhere near being capable of doing so. It's good. We are six minimum, six months down the line, and we can't have six months like this.
Speaker 2: No, he's got to do something. He's got to do something fast and quick and do it. And it's like, right, okay, this is what we're doing now. Right? What's the focus? And I don't, like, it's simple for me to be all over people's. But what I need is. Yeah, like, I just. It needs. It needs to be focused. Right. If it's focused and I can actually think about what I'm doing this week, next week, this month, this. That near the like as a plan to improve these different things instead of being like, right, well, yes, I'M doing that, but I'm also doing this. There needs to be a focus for me. And if it's. If it's. If it's run the go to market team, then turn the go market team. Great, perfect. I know what I'm doing. I'm doing that. Right. But. But like it needs to be one of the. It needs, it needs to be something. Well, I just need the backing from him. Otherwise it's just. I feel like I look like a twat. That's the biggest thing for me.
Speaker 1: If he, I see. If he. Let's say we go down the other alley and say, okay, he enables you, he gives you the backing and you then become the leader of this team where he basically nudges you right now already. This would also mean that you have the own responsibility, only focus on doing so and you will be pulled away from closing because realistically, you can't do both.
Speaker 2: Yeah, no, I get that.
Speaker 1: Now you obviously see where this conversation is going. This will move away. Move you away from your incentive. And this probably also moves you away from a position that you want to be in, which is actually in sales calls, selling, closing, getting commission. This is then a missile line of interest again.
Speaker 2: So it's if. Well, if this is the thing, there's a world here where I can. And if I do the, the leadership, I never want to stop selling because otherwise, what the. Like, you just out of touch and you don't know what you're talking about and then you just become a. It's a worse situation. It's an equally as bad situation to be in where you're like, just like, hey, go like whipping. And then everyone's like, you have. You're not on any calls, you know what the customers are saying. You're not using the product, like, shut the up. Right. So like I'll. I'll never want to stop doing calls. The annoying thing is we had Henry, we had you focus on the US There would be a perfect level where my allocation of the US goes down to still there, though to some degree where I'm still working on it. Ownership of the go. The market team goes up and then you're also focusing on us with me as well. But we don't have that set because we. We've got Daria in Europe. So you need to step up and take more ownership and do that.
Speaker 1: Yeah, and then we do, we do with me, like what in us.
Speaker 2: That's what I'm saying. Which is where you want to be.
Speaker 1: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker 2: But like, I, I Yeah, I, but the, the main thing for me is actually like, no, like I just need to know the main thing for me. Like I can manage the split to a degree. Right. I can manage the split. The biggest thing for me is like actually just not being in a position where you kind of heard or respected or have the one to ones or warrant a one to one with Kareem. So whatever. It'd be like, right, what are we doing? Like, you know what I mean? Like, you know what I mean? Like, that's the backing is the biggest thing for me right now. It's not the split or the focus. It's the backing.
Speaker 1: Yeah, but let's, let's think this through. So let's say we go down that alley. He moves you up, he gives you the backing, then you need to take the one on ones with Mo and Karim. They need to respect you as leader.
Speaker 2: No problem at all. No problem at all.
Speaker 1: I'm just, just flagging this as a Daria as well. It's going to be show.
Speaker 2: It'D be fine. Then it's a case of like, right, okay, like this is the position I'm in. This is where do you want to get to but get you there. And then it's a case of like either them being committed on that or not being committed on it.
Speaker 1: I see a lot of friction in that scenario. Let me put it that way.
Speaker 2: All right. Okay. You clearly know or a party to more conversations than I'm in.
Speaker 1: What's been said, a lot, a lot of friction. If let's say we, Jonathan gives you the backing, we move you up here, then the head of sales or whatever you. You want to call it and then you do these line responsibility of hierarchy, including me, by the way. I don't see a big issue with us, but I see a lot of issues with the others. For me, it's just important. I don't want to lose touch with the owners. It's basically it.
Speaker 2: What, why, why do you say we have skip levels and stuff? But no, like, it's just where do you see and be candid, like if something's been said, I'd rather know it.
Speaker 1: No, nothing has been said. I just know how these individuals are.
Speaker 2: I've, I've dealt with worse. I'm not bothered about that at all. It's like, look, we're here together and I don't have a very clashy management style at all. It's more like, right, how are we going to get there together? It's a collaboration approach. So it's like, if it's more like a support thing, I'm not bothered about that. The dynamics. Unless someone hates me in the team that I'm not aware of, then. Then I don't think a problem.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm just.
Speaker 2: But also at the same time. At the same time, this. The expectation of the team right now is. And like getting this 10 million ARR when actually they don't even know what ARR is right now is a nightmare. So I don't even know. It needs. Something needs to change and fix. Otherwise it's just a show and I'm set up for failure either way.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I. Yeah, I agree. And unfortunately, we have an incredibly. Yeah, tough situation there. Not saying it's a dead horse, but it's dying.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Well, look, he needs to make a decision what he wants to do. If he wants to do it, then let's do it. And I'm. I know I can do it. Let's have managed more complex and difficult teams than this one. I think everyone starts in the right place. They want to do what they need to do. We're not doing it in an aligned way. How do we get there? Yeah, that's. That's not the issue. It's just. The issue is, like, I'm in limbo right now.
Speaker 1: Push, pushback I see coming. We can't have our leader in the US if the rest of the team is spread across Europe and the uae. Just whatever. I see this coming.
Speaker 2: Okay. Then Jonas needs to step up and become more a go market leader and then I'll take a step back. I don't give a.
Speaker 1: Could also be a scenario.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I literally do not give a. It's thankless task for me anyway. I don't get any more money for it. Whatever. I do not give a. I have to make sure I'm on everything and talk about everything and talk through each call and I. It's exhausting. I'd rather show up with my numbers and be like, this is what I'm working on. That's what I'm doing. Boom, boom. And then actually go ahead and do it and not have to worry about other admin tasks and stuff at the end of the call. It. I do not give a. Right now. I don't need the status. I don't need anything. Like, I. If he wants to do it, he can do it. Wants me to do it, I can do it. Just set me up for it. If he doesn't want me to do it and he wants someone in the Europe, hire someone for it. Do not. Do not make anyone in the team that position right now, is what I would say. Because right now we have a wouldn't word. Stalling.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I see that, and I agree.
Speaker 2: Got a call now I've got to jump on it.
Speaker 1: Yeah, don't worry. Go for it.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Let's talk about this. I just wanted to at least talk to you about your perspective. And I don't do that ultimately ends up being not beneficial to you.
Speaker 2: When you should come to the US as well. That would help us build a bit more of a dude.
Speaker 1: I would be so down. I mean, that's the only thing I want to do, but I don't care about the rest of the.
Speaker 2: Do it. Then let's do it. I've got to jump.
Speaker 1: See you. Bye.